# FeminineClassicsFinetunedSLM
An SLM (Llama 8B) fine-tuned on classics written by women in the 19th century to mimic their styles. 
# Sample Texts
*Please note that square brackets denote my prompt.*
----------------------------------------------------
[She beheld the sublime sight with the same sangfroid she assigned to everything, for she had been long disillusioned of the beauties of an Earth that so frequently] belches on its ashen heath, and when I beheld her cold, insensible, and listless abandon of all outward sensations, to the exclusion of inward happiness and harmony of mind—a real solitude of the heart-spring, I felt myself emboldened to exclaim, as we were reascending a moderate slope, ‘Why do you not sometimes leave your body to the vices, as I do to the necessities of the pulse-quickening passions and their aggressive demon or Angelia? Why do you not sometimes become impenetrably sullen to the pain and injury of others, when your own bodily and mental well-being is not invaded, intrepid in matters that concern yourself, why are you not more pliant in matters that concern your neighbours?'

[There was a certain ineffable quality to each one of her mannerisms, something so immanent that it made suitors quite mawkish,] and gave a certain distinction to the most fatuous of her admirers. “But,” said Dr. John to the lady who was so adored, as they walked arm-in arm through the long and stately glass gallery, “I fear you will be an entirely new fashion in this locus when we come to settle: you are altogether too tall; I have not a single window from basement to garret which you can pass without stooping or else making a theatrical scramble. And then you are so broad in the shoulders and so heavy about the waist. I may say some things, but they will only be the effect of time,  for now I absolutely can’t trust myself to speak about your personal advantages.”

[I find myself, at times, in paroxysms of wistful yearning for an era long since past, one in which I was a mere adolescent, scampering about as] I pleased, and when I were free to follow the wild vein of thought and feeling, or to bury it deep, as I pleased; when the world was a mine of pleasure and mystery for me, when I could use my limbs, and all my dearest perceptions were chained: when I was a dreary wanderer on the road from Vevay to Geneva; a solitary traveller through sun-drenched fields, at twilight, near a great forest, where I felt sure that some strange animal was treading a familiar or incipient path, which if I followed it, would lead me to a never-bloomed spring or an archless hut, where I should find rest and kind treatment.

*When generating several of these excerpts, I would often have it generate 100 tokens at a time, allowing me to see if I liked the result before pasting the result in to be continued. While I have seen that it can create entire narratives, stories, and descriptions purely on its own, I used this copy-and-paste method for my own enjoyment, as I like to vet the text before continuing it. Below I have pasted some of the ones done without this method. *

[To be a young lady once more, wielding a parasol bedecked in frippery against all that I took umbrage to, would be akin to] returning to a life enervated: my powers and faculties would all sleep by idleness—they would not take the holiday of death, but they would die in their beds from lack of exercise: they would be like poor Hareton’s doves—tame, stripeless, unbreathing.

[To be a young lady once more, wielding a parasol bedecked in frippery against all that I took umbrage against, would be akin to] the revival of a pale-feathered archaic bird, making a feeble effort to flutter in its nest.  But, after all, I did not live in those days of my childhood: the present was a time of action and movement, and I felt its pulse vividly, because I had much work to do; for the early, passive, unfulfilled life, which is a sovereign duty of the young and buoyant, was not mine.



